How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Diff helps narrow down the differences so I can only focus on what changed
    instead of looking at the entire code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Keeping older versions of a file with easy access to history, changes and
    ability to compare changes helps improve efficiency. It will be easier
    to spot bugs introduced at a later version and revert or assess the changes.
    Also helps manage and track multiple changes by multiple file owners.  

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manual commits allows the user to logically choose the changes to commit.
    This help group the changes that such a way that it it will be easy to understand
    ,read, track and follow the commit history and not clutter each commit with
    unrelated changes. Auto commits like google doc does not allow this level of control
    and is suited for documents with changes where logical grouping is not critical.  

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git handles files that are interelated to one another. This is not the case with
    most google docs files which often has only one file the user needs deal with.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Log allows me to to view a listing of the commits history while
    Diff allows me to see the difference between commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I'd be willing to take more risk in doing experiments since I can revert code
    or easily find the bugs that was introduced in recent code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Editing iOS Swift Code/Applications.
